Some more docs for latex output. (#911)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/man/other-formats.md

When `DocumenterLaTeX` is loaded, you can set `format = LaTeX()` in [`makedocs`](@ref),
and Documenter will generate a PDF version of the documentation using LaTeX.
The `makedocs` argument `sitename` will be used for the `\\title` field in the tex document,

> and if the build is for a release tag (e.g. if `"TRAVIS_TAGS"` is set) the version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and if the build is for a release tag (i.e. when the `"TRAVIS_TAGS"` environment variable is set) the version
```
